right now I kind of need a fill you know
I need to go get a film but uh the weird
the weirder part stranger part is that
you know for years Gabe is now not
really he doesn't do it so much anymore
he used to wear these fake fingernails
also and now I'm all alone in it but for
years he warm and so we're traveling on
the road together and that means that we
have to go get our nails done together
so we'd always walked in with our
starbucks and and and both asked for a
nail to get done and get stared at the
entire time i would have to try to
explain to the people that i want just
three nails on my right hand and my name
is bebote all of the season so it was it
was a it was a confusing time in my in
the development of my masculinity but it
is fully intact and I'm excited about
that I know you reminded me the other
day we would be ahead and thought of the
story in a long time this kind of thing
you feel funny at first when you walk in
as a man with you walk into a nail salon
full of women and you're the only man
and then you asked not for like a
manicure with us for in acrylic nails
and it's not just the people that work
there they look at you funny if
everybody know everything apart all the
women just like they're trying to like
catch it go into the whole time you're
there like what's he getting done yeah
so you know it's the kind of thing where
for a while you're really obvious like
oh I play guitar maybe you use it for
the guitar and after a while and you say
really loud so all the people can hear
that answers it in one fell swoop after
a while you kind of get tired of that
you sort of build confidence to you like
hey I'm still every bit as much of a man
as they used to be just to have three
fingernails so after a while you just
kind of want to miss they have three
nails please
well that's what I'm wondering on it was
no big deal and what was the what was it
the one time you waited to go get your
nails done in the guy refused women only
oh my god Jay said kids that I won't
three-day lentini that women only and
then gave was like no I mean I guess
just for guitar he's like no man no man
women only and he he literally refused
and gave had to talk him into it I
talked him into and then by the end he
he was he finally got him to be funny at
the end he said um finished up he said
what color which is really funny that
that taxi to going joke when you go in
and they asked if you wanted airbrush or
what color you want to install that
pointless story but a fun one here
I I was thinking um this is another new
song and this is honestly kind of